# DigiBP - Team Cheddar - Documentation

## Introduction

### Tenant Damage Report Process
In the following the current as-is process for the tenant damage report is described. In the existing process, the Property Owner, Tenant, Property Manager and Various Maintenance Service Partner are involved. The process starts as soon as the Property Manager receives the tenant damage report from the tenant. After receiving the tenant damage report, the Prop-erty Manager's first task is to record and categorize this request in the system. As soon as this is done, the Property Manager prepares a request for offer to various maintenance Service Partners. Once the Maintenance Service Partners have received the request for offer from the Property Manager and subsequently submitted an offer, the Property Manager processes the offers received and classifies them according to the amount.

In the following the current as-is process for the tenant damage report is described. In the existing process, the Property Owner, Tenant, Property Manager and Various Maintenance Service Partner are involved. The process starts as soon as the Property Manager receives the tenant damage report from the tenant. After receiving the tenant damage report, the Prop-erty Manager's first task is to record and categorize this request in the system. As soon as this is done, the Property Manager prepares a request for offer to various maintenance Service Partners. Once the Maintenance Service Partners have received the request for offer from the Property Manager and subsequently submitted an offer, the Property Manager processes the offers received and classifies them according to the amount.

If the amount of the offer is less than 5000 Swiss francs, the supervisor of the Property Man-ager has to approve the offer make the decision whether the amount of the offer is acceptable. As soon as the Property Manager's supervisor has approved the amount of the offer, the order is placed. The Property Manager is notified by the Maintenance Service Provider as soon as the order is finished. Then the Tenant is going to be notified by the Property Manager with a specified deadline to pay the invoice. The Maintenance Service Provider prepares an invoice and hands it over to the Property Manager. Having received the invoice from the Tenant, the Property Manager processes the invoice. The Tenant has two weeks the possibility to give a feedback to process. Once the invoice has been processed and the problem has been solved, the Property Manager authorizes the payment. However, if the invoice was processed by the Property Manager, but the problem could not be solved, an incident case is created and esca-lated to the next higher level.

If the amount is higher than or equal to 5000 Swiss francs, the Property Owner notifies the Property Owner and informs him about the current situation. After the Property Owner sends the Tenant's Feedback to the Property Owner, the Property Manager processes the decision of the Property Owner. Then the order is placed and the Maintenance Service Provider in-formed. Once the order is finished, the Maintenance Service Provider notifies the Property Manager about the status. Subsequently, the Tenant is going to be notified by the Property Manager with a specified deadline to pay the invoice. The Maintenance Service Provider pre-pares an invoice and hands it over to the Property Manager. Having received the invoice from the Tenant, the Property Manager processes the invoice. The Tenant has two weeks the pos-sibility to give a feedback to the process. Once the invoice has been processed and the prob-lem has been solved, the Property Manager authorizes the payment. However, if the invoice was processed by the Property Manager, but the problem could not be solved, an incident case is created and escalated to the next higher level.

### Identified potentials of digitalisation
To make the current process more efficient and improve it, there are some potential of digitalisation which can be considered. In order to optimize the current process, it would be possible, on the one hand, to use tools that make it possible to digitally manage data within a database and to make it accessible and editable at any time and in any location. With reference to our current process, the tenant would report the damage in a database which leads so safe time and also be faster. Furthermore with this, there would be no risk of losing data and the communication channel would be much more efficient and faster.

Also the request for offer from the Property Manager to Various Maintenance Service Providers could be send automatically for the small stuff, only big stuff should requested manually. Within this process step, there would be also a potential to let the service partner fill out the form where very low assumed acceptance is in place. In addition to this, within the current process, there is also another possibility where a specific process step could be automated. Once the order is finished by the service maintenance provider, the invoice could also be processed automatically.

On the other hand, a decision table could be used which indicates a course action to be taken for each value or combination of values of one or more variables or parameters. That means, with the decision table the tenant damage report could be categorised automatically. So if the amount of initial offer is more than 1,000 CHF, a request for a 2nd offer would be triggered automatically, otherwise this step would be skipped and the order would be already automatically in place. The decision table would help on the one hand side the property manager to decide a notification with deadline to the tenant needs to be send and on the other hand side to decide of the payment needs to be authorized once the process is invoiced and the initial problem is solved.

Last but not least, there could be also possibilities for various integrations (conv. AI / Integration Services etc.) to manage the input (damage report) from the tenant in more efficient and faster way.

## Autors / Contributors
- [Blazenko Babic](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bla%C5%BEenko-babi%C4%87-b4275a15a/)
- [Volkan Yesilyurt](https://www.linkedin.com/in/volkan-yesilyurt-579282160/)
- [Patrik Rüegg](https://www.linkedin.com/in/patrik-r%C3%BCegg-18718180/)

## Lecturers / Coaches
- [Emanuele Laurenzi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emanuelelaurenzi)